docs: clarify file upload with API snippet (#9384)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Concepts/concepts-file-management.mdx

### Load files at runtime

You can use preloaded files in your flows, and you can load files at runtime, if your flow accepts file input.
To enable file input in your flow, do the following:
1. Add a [**File** component](/components-data#file) to your flow.
2. In the **API access** pane, click **Input Schema** to add `tweaks` to the request payload in the flow's code snippets.
3. In the **File** component's tweaks, under **Files**, enable the **Expose Input** toggle to expose the **Files** field as an API input.

> 4. The **API access** pane's code snippet is automatically updated to include the tweak to the **File** component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Close the **Input Schema** pane to return to the **API access** pane.
The payload in each code snippet now includes `tweaks`, your **File** component's ID, and the `path` key that you enabled in **Input Schema**: 

    ```json
    "tweaks": {
	    "File-qYD5w": {
		    "path": []
	    }
	}
    ```

5. When you run this flow programmatically, your script must upload a file to Langflow file management, and then pass the returned `file_path` to the `path` tweak in the `/run` request:

    ```json
    "tweaks": {
        "FILE_COMPONENT_ID": {
            "path": [ "file_path" ]
        }
    }
    ```

    For a complete example see [Create a chatbot that can ingest files](/chat-with-files) and [Files endpoints](/api-files).

    If you want to upload multiple files, you can pass multiple `file_path` values in the `path` array, such as `[ "path1", "path2" ]`.
```

> Langflow will now accept files uploaded to the **File** component.
> 
> For an example, see [Create a chatbot that can ingest files](/chat-with-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not needing if you accept the preceding suggestion
